hey everybody welcome back this is Sarah
and today I'm gonna be showing you this
paw patrol pup racers game the game is
for ages 3 and up and is a Toys R Us
exclusive they're selling the game for
around $20 pup racers is a game of fast
moving pups you either choose to play
chase or rubble and the pup who collects
the most of that at balls wins the game
to get the game started I'll place these
5 plastic balls at the very end near the
lookout tower both chase and rubble are
at the starting line and to get them to
move you just press the button on the
game board I don't have a competitor at
the moment so I'll be playing both chase
and rubble each time you press down on
the button will move your pup racer
forward or backward one space every time
one of the pups move towards the lookout
tower they have a chance to pick up a
plastic ball hmmm what looks like so far
cheese is winning rubble you still have
some time to catch up
oh now it's dead even just one ball left
who's gonna get the very last yellow
ball is it gonna be rubble or chase
oh and it looks like the winner is chase
good job chase chase waves with three
and ruble you lose with two although it
is pretty fun to play by myself
I think I need a couple of competitors
how about Elsa I am playing against
Tulsa in Fluttershy we've competed
before Fluttershy yes we sure have Elsa
good luck to you in this game
alright girls are you ready take your
spots and go so far Fluttershy is in the
lead with one ball oh no here's Elsa
coming up with another one
Oh No Fluttershy has to this is a close
game oh there's this to fall left who's
gonna get the last two
oh it looks like Elsa has to that's a
time match who's gonna get the very last
ball is it gonna be Elsa or Fluttershy
oh it looks like rubbles a little stuck
oh wait and Elsa wins the game Elsa
congratulations for winning thanks
Fluttershy that was harder than I
thought
did I win a prize for winning the game
yeah what surprise well I thought this
prize would be perfect since we're
playing a puppy game this is a blind bag
from the soft spot series and I have
never opened up where these before so
let's see what's inside it's a purple
puppy this one is named trouble spots
this puppy is looking very mischievous
by his facial expression along with
trouble spot came this a tiny little
message inside of a tube let's see
what's inside it says play a sport hmm I
wonder what that means
please Porter well I have been looking
for an extra hobby to take on maybe I
will play a sport
thank you little trouble dog well the
paw patrol pup racers game was a lot
more fun than I imagined I really hadn't
seen any videos about this game before
so I really had no expectations when I
started playing however it is really
super fun and just takes about a minute
or so to set up right out of the box
well thank you guys so much for watching
this review and if you liked it please
give it a thumbs up thank you guys so
much for watching we'll see you in the
next video